Improve the usage documentation (#549)
kyma-project/btp-manager: docs/user/02-10-usage.md

# Use BTP Manager to Manage SAP BTP Service Operator 

## Create and Install a Secret

To create a real BTP Manager Secret, follow these steps:

> 1. Create ServiceBinding to obtain the access credentials to the ServiceInstance as described in point 2 of the [Setup](https://github.com/SAP/sap-btp-service-operator#setup) section in the SAP BTP service operator documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a ServiceBinding to obtain the access credentials to the ServiceInstance. For details, see [BTP Service Operator Setup: Obtain the access credentials](https://github.com/SAP/sap-btp-service-operator#setup).
```
We're in hot water if they ever change the number/order of their steps in their document. I'd rather mention the title of the step in some way instead of the number.

Author: Good point, thank you :)

## Create and Install a Secret

To create a real BTP Manager Secret, follow these steps:

> 1. Create a ServiceBinding to obtain the access credentials to the ServiceInstance as described in the [Setup](https://github.com/SAP/sap-btp-service-operator#setup) section in the SAP BTP service operator documentation (point 2: Obtain the access credentials for the SAP BTP service operator).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a ServiceBinding to obtain the access credentials to the ServiceInstance as described in the [Setup](https://github.com/SAP/sap-btp-service-operator#setup) section in the SAP BTP service operator documentation (section: Obtain the access credentials for the SAP BTP service operator).
```

Author: This might be confusing as I'm referring to the Setup section already. `Obtain the access credentials for the SAP BTP service operator` is one of the points there. Expressing everything in a more descriptive way results in lengthy sentences with ugly repetitions. Thought adding the actual content might prevent getting completely lost in case of renumbering the original doc. WDYT?
